I'm a big fan of eating hummus as a
snack at home and I would say that I'm
about equally divided between buying
hummus and making it myself
I personally like the stuff I make
better and my kids
I took a little embarrassing to say this
but I think they like the store-bought
better anyway I think it's better to
make it yourself and you're definitely
going to save some money if you do it so
why not give it a try the first thing
you want to do is chop your garlic turn
the processor on and then drop the
cloves through the feed tube it works so
much better than if you put them in and
then turn the machine on I'm not sure
about the scientific reason for that but
it definitely does it gets nice and
finely ground you don't have to top it
yourself and then to that you're going
to add the rest of your ingredients it's
two cans of chickpeas that have been
drained
you can definitely cook your own by
soaking them overnight and then
simmering them in water to cover it can
take one to three hours depending on the
age a quarter cup of the liquid from the
can or the cooking liquid if you made
your own about an eighth of a teaspoon
of cayenne pepper a little more a little
less it's up to you and then some lemon
juice you can use up to a third of a cup
depending on how acidic you like it I'm
going to start with a few tablespoons
and a quarter cup of tahini this is a
ground sesame paste and sometimes you'll
find when you buy it that it's separated
and there's a bunch of oil on the top
you want to make sure to stir it really
well sometimes I take it out of the
container and puree it in a food
processor and then put it back in and
then some salt and then went or process
that's it it's so easy why would you not
make it at home oh you know the other
thing I wanted to tell you guys you want
to add a little bit of extra flavor to
your homemade hummus how about chopping
up some capers and adding it or black
olives or even some roasted pepper start
it with your favourite accompaniments
I don't care what my kids there
I think it's much better than the
store-bought and you're going to think
so to make this I demand it it's so easy
so much more economical I'm so much more
delicious do it
hi guys thanks for watching this video
be sure to click here if you want to
subscribe and click over here if you
want to continue watching more great
videos like this